You have a big appetite.
Choose a Dragon King
Everyone got on the boat and stole it, so they took a bigger one.
Oh, that's right, Suyaj.
Can I ask you a question? I'm free tonight.
I mean, do you know of any apartments nearby?
So this is it.
So you kiss me a little.
Forget it.
I still go ask Cuu Gia.
Come on, no go, how can I take you?
Thank you.
Boss, don't you understand?
Oh no, why not go somewhere else?
Let's go.
We will go somewhere else.
This.
Wait a minute, I have an apartment here.
There was a friend who you no longer needed.
So I will have a relationship with you two.
slow down
You see this gem at this level.
How to sell, one piece costs 500,000
200 thousand
Alright.